readme tweaks [ci skip] (#30474)
dimagi/commcare-hq: README.md

CommCare HQ
===========

CommCare HQ is a web application for building complex, customizable, frontline worker solutions.

It includes multi-tenant application building, user management, data collection, and reporting.

> CommCare HQ works with [CommCare mobile](https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-android) and its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CommCare HQ apps work with [CommCare mobile](https://github.com/dimagi/commcare-android) and its
```
